{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red49\green49\blue49;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;\csgray\c0;
\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Installing Python 3.x with Anaconda on Quark || How to install conda on Quark\
Date: June 14th 2017\
\
\ulnone At the time of this writing, Quark is running RHEL 6 which comes with the default Python 2.6 build which can not be removed. It does, however, make use of the RHEL \'93Software Collections Library\'94 (SCL) which allows it to concurrently run python 3 (by typing 
\i enable python33 \'91[whatever]\'92 
\i0 ). Unfortunately, its a pain in the butt to install additional libraries on this python build since they are mostly controlled by root (I do not have sudo privileges). For e.g., while we can technically install python libraries using \'93
\i scl enable python33 \'91pip install [packagename] \'97user\'92
\i0  \'93 those libraries are:\
(a) often non-trivial to install via ssh and no condo support\
(b) are not installed in the default directory and so python needs to be told where to look for them\
\
These are unnecessary bottlenecks which take a long time to solve everytime you want a new library. The work around is to do a fresh python install under our home directory \'97 and while we\'92re at it we might as well install conda as that (a) manages the packages/libraries for us, and (b) makes things easy to install using \'91conda install whatever\'92.  I installed miniconda. Here\'92s how to do it:\
\
First, we need to download the linux installer (.sh file) from the website. You can do this directly on the cluster but probably the easiest way to do it is to download on your local computer and then scp it to quark. Note that quark is running 64bit linux (and you can confirm this easily).\
Then ssh to quark and follow the instructions of installing the .sh file on the conda website. i.e just type:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 bash\cf3 \strokec3  \cf2 \strokec2 Miniconda3\cf3 \strokec3 -\cf2 \strokec2 latest\cf3 \strokec3 -\cf2 \strokec2 Linux\cf3 \strokec3 -\cf2 \strokec2 x86_64\cf3 \strokec3 .\cf2 \strokec2 sh
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
You\'92ll be asked where you want to put the installation. I\'92ve installed miniconda in my home folder, i.e. in /home/aa9pb/miniconda3\
\
Now comes the tricky part: making this python build (i.e. the one with conda ) the default python version. Before doing this, type condo -list on terminal (bash), if this works then you probably don\'92t need to continue and we\'92re all done. If not, we need to make \'93conda\'94 a recognizable command on terminal. To do so we need to edit 3 files: .basrc, .bash_profile, and .zsrh. (Update: actually, I think you only need to edit the second one, the nano .bash_profile.\
Open each of these using \'93nano .bash_profile\'94 (nano .bashrc, and nano .zsrh). nano is a text editor that allows you to edit script files within the terminal without any GUI.  Add the following line in each file:=\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature0 export PATH="/home/aa9pb/miniconda3/bin:$PATH"
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Type bash on terminal to make sure you\'92re in bash. Now try conda -V and everything should work. If it doesn\'92t, you\'92re on your own buddy. \
To install most packages, just do: \
conda install [packagename]\
\
Some things, like dispy and pycos aren\'92t available through conda so they must be installed via pip. To do so, cd miniconda3/lib/python3.6/site-packages and then \'93pip install pycos -t .\'94\
note: your site-packages might be under a different name depending on your python version. You should check the contents of the folder before installing files there. The contents will probably contain other python libraries as well. \
}